You moved to Devanna when you were about 14, 15, did you say? A bit older?
No, no, I never lived here as a child.
Oh, okay.
We just spent a lot of time here because of family.
Just what, like you did?
Yeah, yeah, but no, I lived in St Harmon and then when I moved to Nottingham to study further education,
the first term I came back, it was 1986, so I went in September, came back in for Christmas.
I was away for the whole 12 weeks and my uncle died. My uncle died just after I got back
and he was the sole occupier at that time of Devanna. He didn't marry my uncle Jack,
he was the eldest one of all the boys. My father was the youngest one of all the boys,
so it was about 20 years between my father and my uncle Jack. He died and the house was empty for a
year and it was, what should we do? Nobody wanted, because it was such a centre, the centre of the
family and the family, it's sort of, we were all over the place, but nobody wanted it to be sold.
I mean, I'm talking about the next generation above, they were sort of like deciding what to do.
So in the end, my parents moved in, so they moved in while I was studying in Nottingham.
And so then it was only when I moved back, I was in Nottingham about seven years,
and it was only when I moved back that I moved into Devanna. That's the first time I'd actually
lived there. And I got, because I'd got, I started working in Herefordshire, so I'd be driving to
Leicester every day from here, which was doable. And my plan was to, you know, find somewhere a
bit nearer to live, but it never really happened. And then I met Jake, who was already living in
Abercombe here, next to the church at Cross Cottage. And he was working in Kidderminster,
so we ended up just renting little places in between Lentster and Kidderminster.
And then we got married and, you know, moved to Kidderminster, moved to
North Staffordshire, moved to Leic with his work, and the little boys, our children came along.
But we, every weekend, we still came back to Abercombe here, even though, even though we were,
it was a hundred miles to drive to Leic, we'd be coming back on a Friday evening. We'd pick the
boys up from school, or one of them, because they were only very tiny. And so we did that for a
couple of years. And then when my father died, we moved back. We just, you know, Jake gave up his
job. We put the house on the market up there and moved back. And then we'd been here about, I don't
know, a few months, six months, eight months, something like that. And we moved into Little
Plot because Dad had built it to retire into. And of course he died at age 64, hadn't retired yet.
The house was sitting there empty, so we moved in. The boys needed somewhere a bit bigger to play.
And there's lots of space here, and we were closer to Mum to offer a bit of support.
It was, it had already been renovated, Little Plot, then?
Yeah.
When you moved in.
Yeah. Well, it was a new build. It was, it's on the footprint of an old barn.
Oh, okay.
And funnily enough, my cousin sent me some old photographs a couple of weeks ago. And one of
them is of Devanor Yard. And the only reason I recognised it as being Devanor Yard was because
of the, there's like a concrete feeding trough, which was for the horses and the cows in the
yard. And I recognised that because the barn that this, you know, on this site was actually
in Devanor Yard. And it was called the French Barn. And they decided they wanted a bigger building.
So they moved this barn, which was a wooden barn. They moved it into the field called Little Plot.
And all the brothers did it. And it must have been the late 60s to make room for the sort of
modern farm building barn that they put there.
Wow.
So this was the French Barn. It had been here since the late 60s, but it had been, you know,
it was a much older, it was a very old building because it had been somewhere else prior to that.
It had been in Devanor Yard. And it wasn't really renovatable. So we built something new based on
the footprint, or my father did, based on the footprint of the barn and built it to look barn
like so that it blended in. So that was the plan.